Thank you Long. Don’t ask me, ask me again
If possible, I will tell you the truth,
Little thing, you were not feeling well yesterday,
After coming out, the only good butt.
I didn't mean it, why did you hit him?
You take yours, right?
All kinds of things were picked up and kept in the car,
De Fang asks you to talk to Che.
Enjoy the car,
Good plan, I am here to discuss business on behalf of the company this time.
Why, you just care about it,
You don’t even talk about business anymore.
Good, good, good, good, good, good, why should I watch,
You can't even touch a hair on my wife's head?
Good case, you know how much I miss you.
The first thing I did when I came back was to come find you
You don’t know how much I understood everything back then
Our comments haven’t even started yet
Don't let your fantasies come back